I was trying to get something else going and I don't know I had to get also YouTube set up again and then I tried to do one more trick and then I had to add one more video if you can possibly imagine I needed to add one more video to the slide set that I said I was already done with
Uhm, I see many Christmas. Here we go. I'm getting it going. Here we go
And then
I think truth is good to see
We're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth that we want everybody to feel good
That's not the way life is
This episode is sponsored by Moink. That's Moo plus Frank
No
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
Oh
Okay, great, that's a good one to check right now, of course. Hello
Let's get a camera in focus before we try to use it, shall we? Let's try that one out here
Let's get this into focus on the little
I'm a hood here. All right, that should work
And now if you can give me a sound check also
Sorry about that, you know, this this thing you got to be doing it every day or it doesn't it doesn't go all good
Perfect place for a laugh track. Everybody is still following along
Then yeah
Try and push some people in the direction they should be moving
That's what we're going to try and do from now on. We're just going to try and push people in the direction they should be moving
That's my plan
It's hard to tune the sound on that bird because it's so sharp in one single frequency band there
That's better
I
Just got my monitors in my ears. I apologize for that
We are going to have a little new music that's probably going to bounce this
This beginning off we're going to go back to Easter when I was about 12 years old
This is so pretty
This album was in my my Easter basket
Oops
Darn it I blew that song darn it, but anyway you get the idea
Welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga on biological high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by
Biologist if you're here for the first time you might be a skilled TV watcher trapped in social media
If you've been here for a while you're at the top of the wave where we stay focused on the biology
We don't take their bait on TV, and we love our neighbors
You can find me at Giga on biological.com
And Giga on that bio where we try to communicate with one another and scream that you don't buy us where you should be watching this right now
So you can listen to the music
Because it'll get bounced on every other platform
Some people might argue is peak peak Western civilization was around right around well then halo
1984 I don't know what to say
Thank you to all my subscribers people are sub-stack people who've been sending in single donations makes this independent right with
presentation possible
We're gonna turn it up for you then I am canvas
I
Hey, hope got me live. I'm very excited about that good to see you there. Hope
Thanks for being in the chat
I
Heard you play it live there mark
I actually did I knew exactly what you were doing, and I made a snide comment in your chat
Thank you very much for playing a little bit of Van Halen for me last night for some reason or another
I
Haven't been able to pick up my guitar lately and it's kind of because Nathan my friend who passed away late last year to a
sudden aneurysm
Was my guitar teacher in college and it's just stupid, but I
Don't know I'm so I've been goofing around with my with my daughter's piano upstairs
And with my I have a mini keyboard in front of me to play like stupid things, you know like
I've been goofing around with that all the time in the background and
Now I've been pricing full-size keyboards because of of listening to
Old music and playing old songs with my with my daughter
It's amazing how many things are still in my fingers or in my cerebellum. I guess
All kinds of songs I learned Star Wars once on the piano and can totally play it
It just kind of came out of me yesterday
And another one that came out of me was
And so I was upstairs late like at three in the morning a couple days ago
Re-trying to relearn that song and so then I was also listening to it and it was just yeah anyway
keyboards are expensive though, so that's a little bit something I got to put
Put some feelers out there on Craigslist if anybody's got a Nord
Three compact or something like that laying around in the closet. They want to send me I'd be happy to take it
But for now I'm just gonna work with the the piano that we have a little Casio keyboard
That's got weighted keys upstairs for my daughter
I think I got that for a hundred dollars on Craigslist and that's a pretty decent thing to practice on and for for the stream
I don't need anything in front of me right now to distract me ladies and gentlemen welcome to giga-owned biological a high-resistance
Hello noise information brief brought to you by a biologist. My name is Jonathan Cooey
I am that biologist coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. This is the back of my garage. It's April 1st
It doesn't really mean much to me. I've never really been a big April 1st guy. It always seems like kind of a
weird
I
Don't know. It just seemed like always an odd holiday and I always I never really understood it. I I understand why people get into it
I guess you get to mess with people or something. I don't know but for me
I
Don't know how to say it any other way
But I've been lied to way too often in my life from a very young age to find lying of really any kind funny
In fact, I think Mark kind of feels the same way. I know my wife can't even lie. That's her problem
Is it you she can't even light it? You know something like oh, I didn't see that the coupon was expired
I'm sorry, you know, she can't even tell a lie like that. So
When Mark and I did that stream a long time ago where we were both wearing sunglasses and kind of making fun of other people on the internet by
By wearing a disguise and pretending we weren't who we were
We already didn't like that and we've I've talked with other people about, you know
Ways that we could catch people if we just you know, maybe we should just fake like we're having an argument or maybe I
Should pretend that I'm skeptical of you and then maybe we'll see what people do and
it it always feels wrong because I
Feel like I'm I'm not I'm not going on stage here
I'm making a phone call or I'm I'm stepping in front of a I don't like classroom because it implies some
hierarchy
But imagine it's an open mic
Which it kind of is anytime I want to I can push that button and and and I'm on and if I do the right
Cut and paste and everything I'll be on on on like four different
Four different platforms live. So it's kind of like it's like a live microphone
Just stand in here in the back of my house whenever I decide to push the button. It'll be on
And you might think some people might think or want you to believe that that's some kind of easy
thing to just step in front of and do but it's not and
Like it or not
There are people who are doing it because they're paid to do it because they're part of a a
concerted effort an intelligent manipulation of your habits and your opinions and
You cannot underestimate how many people are not like me and
I don't want to toot my own horn
But at some point in order for my family to eat and for our rent to get paid. I have to toot my own horn
I don't have a sponsor. I don't have a toothpaste
I'm not asking you to buy somebody's mail-in meat
I've had jobs working for a Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and children's health defense
But by sticking to my integrity and my principles I've lost those positions those positions have been ended
But you can look it up you can see the videos that I've done you can find the things that have been said about me
You can find that book and read what I say in that book
What's quoted of me in that book? You can find a track record that if I do say so myself is
unblemished
Because when I've gotten things wrong, I've admitted it when I've been questioning things. I've I've let everyone know
and
I've tried desperately to convey a level of uncertainty
in the story that's on television in the story that's on social media and a certainty about the
The sacred biology
That makes me feel good about the skepticism of the of the mainstream narrative and these people have been doing it for decades
This is a quote from
Before the advent of all of these nasty things that we allow
To occupy any of our attention
The tagline on giga-owned biological calm your consciousness is prime real estate is not a joke your attention
is prime real estate
If you have only 15
Thoughts in a day think about this for a second if you only have 15 thoughts in a day and Twitter can occupy
14 of them. How much are you gonna get done?
Now the math is a little bit more complicated than that you have about 39,000 thoughts a day
But every time you pick up your phone every time you click on that site every time you hit the scroll wheel you are allowing
allowing
some of those thoughts to be wasted and occupied by the spinning of a wheel and
That wheel is not random. It is a it is a wheel which has been finely tuned
To manipulate your conscious and intelligent habits and opinions
And that's how the principle of informed consent has been ignored for years and years and years and how it will continue to be ignored
Until each and every one of us makes a conscious effort to wake up young people
The
Terrifying conclusion that I've come to over the Easter weekend taking a pause from this trying to step back a little bit from this open mic
Try and think about what I really want to accomplish in
2024 it is to lay the groundwork of inspiration for the next generation because that's all we've got
We are up against not billionaires but trillionaires as
Thomas Binder said so wisely on my in my interview with him a few days ago if you haven't seen it, please watch it
The trillionaires are out there
The trillionaires is the table that we need to be worried about the people that are really just absolutely separate from us
And we are not going to come out from under the yoke of trillionaires
Over them over the course of a podcast or over the course of a couple election cycles
That's not how this is going to happen
How it's going to happen is that the next generation is more skeptical of this
mythology
Then our generation was able to muster
So that their kids
Can break free?
That's I think what we're looking at here. I think if we want to be realistic we need to really
That that will require us then to all
Let go a little bit
And to surrender
Got to be a leaf in the stream so to speak
I've been thinking all the time that there's just one more podcast
Just one if I just get all the words right or if I just write that one sub stack
It's
It's not going to be one person. It's not going to be one piece of prose
It's not going to be one advertisement on the super bowl
It's going to be one generation after the next generation after the next generation
Constantly fighting for the sacred of biology the sacred of who we are as people
as a species
As a member of our ecosystem
On this little rock
But
Right now the situation is what you see in this cartoon here over here here here
It's a bunch of people unhealthy on the couch surrendering their conscious attention
To screens including now what you're doing
But because I'm live because I'm talking to you because I can read the chat
There's more than that going on here. It might be
The only way that enough people can come together in the quickest time
So that it could be less than a generation that we turn this around
It's possible
But we're going to have to believe in power is much bigger than us
We're going to have to turn to a few of the things that
You know when people are really in this deep
They generally speaking turn to prayer
And we're all going to have to come to terms with the fact that that this is a spiritual battle
Unfortunately as much as I want it to be about biology
And as much as I'm interested in the biology, this is a spiritual battle
Because that's what
That sacred biology that irreducible complexity that beauty that you can see or you can't see when you look out
Your window
That that's that's what we're trying to restore in our children their ability to see that
To see themselves in the mirror as the sacred beings that they are the see the world as the sacred place that it is
Something that we were given stewardship over instead of
Dominion
And so it's tough we got a long road ahead of us. It's April 1st
And my plan is to raise
Enough money with this stream and teaching biology on this stream to feed my family
I don't know if that's a
Realistic perspective to take right now. It's not right now
I have about 120 subscribers and that amounts to about a hundred
$1,200 a month
Which doesn't even cover half of our rent
And so we've got savings for about a month and a half and then we're going to have to find another plan
And we're always looking for another plan
But in the coming weeks, I need you to pay very close attention to the landmarks that we hit
I need very you to pay very close attention to the kinds of
Output that we put out and I need you to pay very close attention to what other people are doing
Because then you can see the pattern
Then you will be able to see the pattern and behavior that will allow you to act appropriately to set your
mind appropriately
And I hope that enough people will then decide that my stream is the one that's worth sharing
My stream is the one that is worth promoting when they promote something on facebook or promote something on
On wherever they promote it. They'll promote giggle
That's where we need to get we need to get to 10,000 views or a hundred thousand views and a thousand subscribers
That's it a thousand paid subscribers and I will put on a
A few hours every day for the rest of my life
And that's not a small promise. It's a big promise because three hours a day every day would be a lot of work
But that's what i'm going for because I think that's the only way that we get we got to get lots of lights like this lots of bonfires burning in the wilderness
We'll get us out of this and giga ohm is going to be one of those bonfires and you
Know a couple other fires that are burning right now that need your support
And you know a lot of other fires that are burning wildly because of the amount of support that they get that are doing nothing
They're burning in the middle of a concrete parking lot
Doing nothing but consuming
I
People's hard-earned money being wasted
By steve kersh's vaccine safety research foundation. What a joke
Think about how much money is being wasted there right alongside the skull foundation that donates to them and pbs
news hour
Once you start to really realize how much hard earned
Working persons working families money is being burnt up by these people
Who pay themselves hundreds of thousands of dollars a year give themselves wonderful insurance
And then what do they do really what are the results of their work
It
It's frustrating because all of these people are united in the same lie they are united in the same story
And it's frustrating because like a corporate tug of war it doesn't take that many people to fake it
To sabotage the whole team
And so we are in a situation
Where there could be many people many many people who mean well who are still stuck halfway between scooby-doo
and the magic show audience
Not sure who to trust because I saw him come out of the audience, but I guess he it seems weird that he's on stage
But they still can't quite pull their head out of this illusion of consensus
And so we've got to keep hammer and one by one
We're going to pull people out of this theater
We're going to make people realize that the people that the magician pulled on stage from the audience were all in on it
And that's why they agree even when they come off stage and sit back down. They agree. Wow. That's just crazy. I can't believe it
And so this ongoing
RNA pandemic has essentially become a faith in a novel virus that none of them will question
All of them seek re reinforcement of they'll say but you also got sick right
You also remember using ibramectin and having your ears pop don't you
That's what's happening here is this faith in a novel virus has continued to be groomed into everyone's head
for five years
While these people pretend to try and do something about it
But they're not doing anything about the faith in this novel biology
No one's questioning how an RNA might be able to go from being a few molecules
in a mark put market
to being a few trillion but god zillion molecules in every lung in america
is now in what did we hear recently fish in
in in
wisconsin the walleye or something have coronaviruses that right now don't infect humans really
And we're still talking we're still talking about the heroes that found out about the fear and cleavage site, you know
like james lion's wiler
Or
Or dan seratkin son of carl seratkin at los alamos laboratories
Working on sequencing algorithms. Yeah, okay, that makes sense
um
Who else you knew about the fear and cleavage site and talked about it? Oh some australian guy
and uh
I don't know a few other people
Yuri dagan some russian living in canada working on longevity
Sure, that makes total sense. Why not?
That's
That's where we are we are chasing a faith in a novel biology and we have a whole bunch of what amount to
street preachers on the internet also with open mics
but instead of
Claiming uncertainty and fighting against a narrative which is being given to us by governments all around the world
Instead of fighting against it. They are essentially fortifying
They are essentially providing narrative cover
And plausible deniability to all of these these state actors and non government actors
Who have purported to save us from the worst case scenario
Get covered from these people
Because the only
Place to go outside of this faith in a novel biology is these
These other alternative interpretations of it
Which tend to be closer to a worst case scenario
Which will push people back to the original place that they're supposed to be
That's how the game has been played from the very beginning
Unfortunately, I was a ping pong ball on their table
And I didn't know it
Even after I thought hey, why why did you hit me with that paddle?
I still didn't understand it and then I saw the net go underneath me and I my face hit the table
And then another paddle hit me
And I looked at that other person. I was like, why did you hit me with that paddle?
I trusted you
And then I tumbled over the net again and landed on the other side and bang
I got hit in the back of the head and I looked around like what did what did you hit me for?
And
It took me about four or five points before I realized wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm the ping pong ball here
And unfortunately, there are a lot of people who are still being played
And instead of reacting to the people that are holding that paddle
They're trying to participate in
In influencing the game, I guess or something
They have no idea how they have been used
But I need
We need progress in understanding this as a faith
And I think one of the best ways to hit at this as a faith is to understand that the faith is based on data of which we have none
before 2020
It is equivalent to saying that we had no cars before 2020
And then just stick into that lie like nobody's business
Go on tv and you say well people think that we had cars, but those weren't really cars
They were they were something else what we have now in our garage our cars
And you can test for cars with these new tests that we have
Yeah, but I mean we don't have any data to show these tests don't mean that the cars weren't there before
Yes, they do the tests show
These sequences demonstrate that these sequences couldn't have been found before but no they don't because
The cars were could have been in our garage before you just never told us to look
And while that analogy may seem a little bit
weak, it's actually perfect
Because the amount of data that we've been told there are millions and millions of sequences which
represent just a small fraction of the total number
Of sequences that could be in theory available if we were to measure all of them
Implying that all of those sequences started from a point in Woola
Maybe it was in october of 2019, but they lied about when they covered it up for a little while
Well, michael calahan was running around in the behind the scenes texting with Robert Malone
But essentially it all started in sometime in 2019 and now we have this
you know
blanket of
Of genetic information which covers the globe and is in the in the mucosa of almost every mammal that we've tested
That is a faith in a biological phenomenon that can only be a lie
It is very much equivalent to them having told us that there were no cars
Before 2020 and now there's a new car and we can find it in almost every garage that we test
Ladies and gentlemen, we've got to understand it for what it is
It is a lie it is a lie that they agreed to tell from very early on because worst case scenario is worst case scenario
And so like event 201 drilled like dark winter drilled like the spars pandemic document describes
Like all of these previous tabletop exercise described a faith is required
And
Never in history did they have the level of control over media and control over what people saw then they did
When they declared a 15 30 day
Lockdown and school closure
And because the faith is a lie staging the pandemic required murder
I know people don't like me to use that word
People tell me that i'm going to lose support if I keep using that word murder don't call it murder
What is it then?
What is it if people decide that we need to get rid of a few people because
Medicare costs are going to become too drastic and we're going to tell people
That there is a virus spreading because we also can use that narrative to do a lot of things that we've wanted to do
for a while
And so we're going to get like four birds with one stone we're going to get rid of this impending medicare medicaid doom
We're going to
Seed an untouchable pandemic narrative that we have complete control over without having to do anything really
We're going to use it to attack china with a with a
with a
A campaign of lies, but then we're going to turn around and actually use it to attack our own citizens
Because that's what we really want to do. We want to undermine the last bastion of a republic
In the world the united states of american
We're cooperating with people who are interested in doing that. Who would that be?
Well, it would be billionaires. It would be trillionaires
And that's the insight that I think
Thomas binder really brought out in in some of the the more
Let's say home run parts of his talk
The beauty of that is that there really is
There really are rather people in the world who think of us as different think of us as cattle and don't have any problem
Staging an operation in order to govern us just like they staged the operation on 9 11
They don't have any problem with that
And
Now if you think the truth is available on television with regard to the middle east
Here again buying into the same kind of mythology the same governing mechanism that was first described
By edward bernays in that beautiful book propaganda
It is a conscious and intelligent manipulation of our opinions and habits. What better way to do it
Than full on staging. What is history?
And then having us run around like chickens with our heads cut off trying to figure out what just happened when we're the whole world is a stage
And they are performing a theater in order for us to be governed by it
And so by debating the theater we have been scooby-doo. We've been fooled into solving a mystery
We've been fooled into unmasking the very bad guys that they wanted us to unmask in the first place
Someone's lying
You know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I'm I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
He's a liar
And we are governed by liars
You want to call it top secret. You want to call it classified information. You want to call it being read in
You want to call it the look away doctrine you call whatever you want
But that's how they got us
And there are people in front of us elevated on social media artificially by simply programming it right in
In order to make sure that we stay trapped within a limited spectrum of debate
Which will not allow us to escape which will not allow our children to escape
And we need to resist that
Scientific questions, I think are very hard to get a handle on
And the reason for this is that in late modernity, which we're living in
There's simply too much knowledge for any individual human to understand all of it
and so
You know, and so the the and so in this world of extreme hyper specialization where it's narrower and narrower
Um
Subsets of experts policing themselves and talking about how great they are the string theorists talking about how great string theories
The cancer researchers talking about how they're just about to cure cancer the quantum computer researchers
Are just about to build you know quantum computer
There will be a massive breakthrough and then if you were to say that all these fields not much is happening
People just don't have the authority for this. This is somehow a very different
Feel for science or knowledge than you would have had in 1800 or even in
1800 you know, 1800 greater could still understand just about everything right 1900 hillbird could still understand
just about all of mathematics
And uh, and so the sort of um this sort of specialization
I think has made it a much harder question to get a handle on
So the reason why I keep playing this video over and over again is because I wanted to sink into all of my dedicated followers and watchers
That this is a lie
That's why I keep those big words over there
He's misleading the young with this statement because he starts out by saying there's so much knowledge
There's too much knowledge for anybody to understand it all
And I would just flat out disagree with that
I don't think that's realistic
I don't think that's where we are
I don't think that that
No, I don't believe that
You want to hear an incredible story of learning
Go listen to Maya Angelou describe what happened to her after she was raped when she was seven years old and stopped talking for five years
And why she is and became who she was
The human mind is capable of amazing unbelievable feats
That are virtually untapped in our culture
One of the reasons why I so desperately want this giga-owned biological thing to work out is because
If it does work out, we will be homeschooling our children
And I want that more than anything except for wanting to coach basketball
Which I want to do more than anything else in the world now
I have things that I want to do
I have
Ideas of where I want to go. I have lots of things to teach every year to high schoolers every year
To adults every year and I'm ready to do it for the rest of my life
Because people like this are misleading our young people
Into believing what is created in universities is knowledge rather than noise
And this illusion needs to be broken
And I think one of the ways one of the ways that one of the ways that we might be able to win
Is if we could encourage young people to skip out on college for five years
Until the university system itself just collapses
I don't know what they will do. That's the problem. I don't know where to where to send them. I don't know what for them to do
Get a job at a restaurant close to a beach and take up surfing for five years
Would be great if I could get them all to do that. I don't think that's a realistic goal
but
Get them to find part-time jobs full-time jobs live with their parents take care of their parents something
Don't go to university
Don't spend your parents money on university and even worse don't take out
Government funded eight percent student loans to go to university
Just stop
And very quickly
This noise factory this ivory tower will collapse and if it doesn't and listen carefully
If it doesn't then the illusion will be shattered
And you will find out exactly what universities are which are a giant pile of overpaid bureaucrats
That are using faculty and students as cattle and slavery
and
Then at the same time allowing the system to turn and eat those very
those very cattle for dinner and confuse them of being
The the irresponsible ones for taking out student loans and going to college and wow now you want assistance with them
That's pretty pathetic
While they pay deans as much as they pay football coaches and both of which are way overpaid
I'd coach a college basketball team for a hundred thousand dollars a year
And I would teach a biology class at the same university. How's that for a bargain-based
Offer maybe I can get a job at Duke
So the problem with this lie about what knowledge is and how knowledge is created
Is
Coupled with the fact that he's also totally okay with telling the truth about it
Which is that this hyper specialization?
It's not the hyper specialization
It's the lack of accountability for for models of reality that don't make predictions that come true
And
We have allowed university biology departments university
neurobiology departments university medical school faculty to get away with
Essentially not creating knowledge but creating noise by doing this p-value ritual
And disproving null hypotheses all day
And
He knows that he could he could explain that but he doesn't he calls it knowledge and says there's too much
And that's just not true
There are details of course that we can't all know
But the big truths of physics the big truths of biology the big truth
If if quantum physics isn't making any progress as he just hinted
Then what does it matter if I don't understand it?
If quantum physics can't make useful predictions
About future measurements
Then what does it matter if I don't understand the subtleties of that model?
If string theory doesn't help us by making predictions, then what does it matter if I don't understand the math of it?
And there's the heart of the lie
It's an enchantment
the
Political cut I have on the specialization is always that
That if you analyze the politics of science the specializations should make you suspicious
It should because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you know a little bit suspicious
And that's that's that's sort of my starting my starting bias
Now the really weird part that I find about the pandemic and and everything is that even if I play this
And I I explain what it means
And I ask somebody or anyone to apply this thinking
to biosecurity apply this thinking to bioterrorism apply this thinking
to bio weapons as an idea a concept of potential
and
Understand that they have a very vested interest in exaggerating and lying about that potential
And then apply that thinking to the beginning of the pandemic and realize that you now have a very plausible reason why every
Government in the western english-speaking world agreed use the same words
wanted the same impression to be applied implied to every listener
effective lockdowns effective masks and the need
to protect everybody from a universal vulnerability to a novel pathogen
Why in the world would it be crazy to be skeptical of that huge claim
Apparently he's not skeptical of it though
Apparently the guy that he's talking to Eric Weinstein isn't skeptical of it
Remember that peter teal is the behind Eric Weinstein is behind the intellectual dark web
People like Shapiro
And and and this character and that guy up there
This dude and that dude and that dude that dude this lady
They've all been amplified
In a way that hasn't helped our grandkids
But has created the potential for chaos that they are now trying to
to
Jam in on
The intellectual dark web is at the heart of understanding what they did to us in the pandemic because they
Are the illusion of consensus they are the heart
Of the illusion of consensus because the illusion
Is that no matter where you turn?
You find an agreement about a novel virus with a novel illness that we all got sick from it's pretty bizarre
And so I play this video with james giordano a lot where he describes how I would see the few cases in
Iowa and a few in Wisconsin and a few in Detroit
And then the real bug I would use is the internet I would take credit for it
I would say I release something and then I would say that there was a bunch of asymptomatic
because it can be spread asymptomatically
And basically that's how you do it
and so if you imagine
the
Easiest way to do it is to make sure that no matter where you tried to culture the virus with intention of claiming
a sequence
You used a clone
an rna copy
So that it would be the same whether you looked in Wuhan or whether you looked in the sahomish county man
Or whether you looked in the sample that was sent from
Bergamo, Italy to the cdc you would always get the same sequence
And then you could say hey look it's the same sequence everywhere. I guess it's the same virus
I
How many people behind the scenes would be necessary to say that out loud knowing it was a lie and then stick to it
In order for all of these other people to have been fooled
I would argue that not very many especially
be given the fact that not very many people have read enough and and tried hard enough to understand the biology under lying
virology
To give it a real college try and and evaluate whether or not virology as a whole
Is something you can swallow or not something that makes sense or not
And so we have been going on and on
Some of these people are are active some of them don't have a clue that they're that they're being used like a ping pong ball
But I guarantee you there are some people who definitely know
There are some people who definitely know
And peter teal right what what what what giant weaponized pile of money is he on top of what what large
Corporation meddling behind the scenes about data
Is he the head of
Right
Talk you spoke earlier about
People being very enthusiastic to give their data. I think you're over exaggerating how enthusiastic people are about just giving
Can't blotch access to their data. Um, are you aware that?
Palantir and faculty have links to the discredited Cambridge Analytica
um
I'm not
Um
I don't uh, I don't think I'm aware of that though
Okay, um, I well, I think it's really vital that you should be aware of that
I mean, it's you know palantir reportedly taught Cambridge Analytica how to scrape data
That means that you're putting at risk everybody's data in the country and giving it to
Organization such as palantir. No, I it's really important that you get to grips with that and I will I know I will give you
Um, so so the UK gave away their data. Israel gave away their data. Everybody's giving away their data
We're probably giving away our data unbeknownst to us
We probably gave away
Millions of genetic sequences during the testing in 2020 and 2021, but we shouldn't pay any attention to that at all
That would be a crazy thing to worry about just forget about 2020 and 2021 and the huge
Basic violation of our privacy the basic violation of our human rights where
Hundreds of thousands if not millions of americans were coerced with false narratives into sampling
Their their inner nasal passages with highly dangerous
Chinese produced swabs
And then had these samples sent somewhere
Who knows where probably to china because you can sell remnants of tests remember ladies and gentlemen
Something that i have a lot of people are aware of
But
But if they swabbed your kid in college every two weeks or every week in order for him or her to go to school
In order for him to go to class or her to go to class
After that swab was tested for SARS-CoV-2
It could be sold as a remnant and that remnant would contain the DNA of your child
And lots and lots of universities actually
Hmm had a way of selling the remnants already in place because they're connected to a medical school
They're connected to a hospital that's been selling remnants for years
And so those those pipelines were already in place and believe it or not they were contracts already in place
Very early before any test was even available in america
Universities were already shopping around for people that might want the remnants
Ladies and gentlemen the spread of bad ideas is much scarier and more dangerous than the spread of air any RNA molecule
And there are certain people
Who ignore
This on purpose they want you to believe that they're somewhere out there in the ether is the fifth generation warfare
That's that's you can't ever identify and see no ladies and gentlemen
There are people who are lying right to your face
Some of them would even come to your house if they needed to
Some of them would even stay overnight in your house if they needed to
In order to make sure that big truths don't get out
Big truths like intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
I believe
I believe with most of my heart right now that I just saw paul off it respond directly to that statement
On twib and I think we're going to watch it a little later if we have enough time
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent viruses are not pattern integrities
Everybody who hasn't already spoken up about the idea that we shouldn't be transfecting healthy humans
Is criminally negligent and the more
Letters you have behind your name the more biology experience that you have
be it as a primary care physician a nurse a
a dental hygienist
a vet tech
Or or somebody who works at a pet store. I'm telling you right now
That you need to come to terms with the fact that you should have done known better a long time ago
That this was transfection and we shouldn't be doing it to healthy humans
But again the spread of bad ideas. That's what's going on here
These people aren't aren't promoted for nothing. They are promoted artificially and they are promoted on purpose
So that the illusion can be sustained
Wait, when you get rid of all this stuff the illusion is always the same
The clown show that's going on here is always the same
Do you really believe?
That a woman whose daughter was featured three times
By Alex Jones or two times or I don't care even one hour with Alex Jones
for being a rebel
For being an outspoken critic of something america
Is now a legitimate dissident a former what does she say?
Retired pharma rnd an executive independently wealthy
This
This person is legitimate. Let's let's let's look at this
Substack comment where she basically explains all of human biology in three paragraphs with a doa at the end
And you can see how much obfuscation is going on hum many
just
people with no
principles no scruples
Are working actively against the american public to try and confuse
To try and sell frustration and doubt
But never actually lead anybody out of the cave at all
Anything that throws your system off balance will make you sick
The seasonal flu illness is due to reduce sunlight vitamin d and the die off of
Bifidobah bacteria in the gut and the subsequent d
Tox cycle in two sentences. She's explained something that western medicine really hasn't been able to explain yet
That's pretty that's pretty cool
If you exercise outdoors in the winter and it's sunny enough you won't get sick
Okay
Why people especially children seem to catch it a couple of things we are largely water
Children have much higher water content than adults
The whole world is made of water and communicates through water uses chemical and electromagnetic and sound waves
We humans emit light and other
Electromagnetic waves, obviously we emit sound waves
We emit chemical waves by shedding material both innocuous skin cells and dangerous to other humans our own waste
That's why 6000 years ago civilized humans knew not to pollute
Sources of drinking water with human and animal waste however in the 1800s people crowded in New York City
Horse manure piled to the first floor windows and there was an epidemic of smallpox wow rocket science
So any exhaust you emit may transmit others via water
Air is also water
When there are a lot of people crowded together they are too close they pick up each other's exhaust
Which may contain chemical molecules and nucleic acids typically in lipid envelopes. I think they call those exosomes
Not sure or other transmission energy which can be good or bad
Bad can trigger your own own system into detox soap breaks lipids and the nucleic acids quickly denature
Is that do proteins denature or do nucleic acids?
That's why we use soap as disinfecting cleaning agent. Okay, so so far I understand soap. I understand flu
I understand that we emit all kinds of waves. Some of them are good. Some of them are detox waves
I guess regarding what was covid chemical slash biological aerosolized material can be characterized as infectious clone
So an infectious clone is a chemical biological aerosolized material
To create an initial wave of sickness with bizarre symptoms and freak everybody out
Subsequent mass murder by hospital protocols and the rest of the fascism
Now injected people are producing the same poison in their gut. Oh
Because their E. coli cells are hacked and made into spike protein factories
So that's a pretty testable hypothesis, isn't it? How long they will be producing this shit?
Literally it varies everyone is different. It's best to stay away from high concentrations of the vast
And so the amount of nonsense in this pair these three paragraphs is
It's pretty impressive. I mean, maybe an AI packed it in there for I don't know, but she does prolifically write a sub stack
So maybe she types. I don't know
But there's nothing here for our grandkids
There's nothing here
That says
Who did it and why?
There's nothing that explains why the dod released chemical or biologically aerosolized material that she says
Is an infectious clone, but what is an infectious clone? She's never really defined it. She's just agreed. Yeah, that sounds great
And then at the same time turned around and mocked and criticized me
Or tried to say that I'm somehow attacking her or her daughter
To wave her hands and to start a fire in a dumpster basically and pretend that she's the opposition of Robert Malone
after traveling the world with him
And she would like you to believe that well going to Stockholm with somebody doesn't mean i'm friends with him
She works with the same group of people
Meryl nass
Robert Malone
Sasha latipova there's quite a few of them that all seem to
Pretend to be opposed to one another but are all on Robert Malone's list of bad guys along with me
But it's one great big giant theater of players
With only a few that actually rent their house with only a few that actually need every view and every donation
And
Those are the ones that nobody sees those are the ones that nobody pays attention to those are the ones that everybody
As a rule agrees to criticize kevin mccernan kevin mccern
Sasha latipova
Paul cottrell george web
I mean how how long would of the list would you like to make of people who think that jonathan kui is somehow working from his
His garage to take advantage of the world somehow
Rather than trying to tell the truth that they won't
That have they have never told
Because where where are they where are the doses here?
Where are the different batches that she started coming out on in so early in the narrative where where are the where's the deception about the hot hot lots?
Wasn't that part of this the hot lots didn't have anything to do with anything here anymore
That was the first thing that she came out about now. She's forgotten about those
She's got a whole paragraph for the whole world being made of water and communicating through water and distracting you with water
Like a lot of other people have done not to say that water isn't important in the the crystal lattice that water can can
Make is not absolutely vital to understanding how proteins function and enzymes work and and how cellular
Mechanics can possibly occur all has to do with the properties of water absolutely
But it's a distraction from understanding what happened in the pandemic. It's a distraction from understanding what public health is and isn't
Just like this
Group of three paragraphs is nothing but a distraction given to you by somebody who's been
Since she appeared on stage likely working against us first
Standing in front of and taking the mic from a guy by the name of of pardon coper or part of coper
Which is horse buyer?
so hilarious
To stepping in front of somebody like
Catherine Watts
who
Again, Catherine Watts says that health and human services department of homeland security
FEMA
Ditra DARPA the executive branch and the dod are all involved
not just the dod
And she doesn't claim to know what happened, but Sasha claims to know what happened
It was a chemical biological aerosolized material that could be characterized as an infectious clone whenever that is
And that's the spectacular nature of these medlers
Is that she can feign as though she's giving a hat tip to our work feign
As though she's giving a hat tip to some of some people's ideas when she says murder by hospital protocols
But it's not specific enough
And it doesn't impart the knowledge
That would be required for anybody to go out and use this and to spread this
And that's the deception
And unfortunately for me
This is my role
I belong nowhere and everywhere
And I'm not afraid to stand up by myself
In the middle of a 3,000 person lecture and ask a question that is antagonistic to the person speaking
Without first saying, oh, I really enjoyed your talk. That was really great. Thanks a lot
I I was never afraid
And in fact, I it was one of my favorite things to do
And so I'm never going to be afraid to step up to this mic and call these people out
Because I believe that this is the start
If I can't explain to my 14 year old son
Why I think this is a medler and succinctly bring him to understand it then maybe I don't understand it
If I can't bring my stream to understand why these people actually coming to my house
And telling me lies to my face
Is a significant data point that can help other people
Understand the pandemic of lies
I have no work here
That's what I need to do
Because all of these people have lied to my face
Not not in an email or in a sub stack post or in a comment or in a tweet
I've taken selfies with these people. I've shaken their hand. I talked to them for a few minutes. I've questioned them. I've I've heard their voices
lie to me
I
And so I interview people like Thomas binder because I think that there are people who have been standing up from the beginning
Does Thomas binder have everything right? Did you notice that in that interview? I didn't touch
The virus no virus topic at all and whether or not it was
We already we agreed that the vast majority of what was iatrogenic murder
Debating about the rest of the story is kind of irrelevant when we find out that would be great
And if it comes to the fact that we have they've exaggerated virology
Terribly well, we will come to that first we need to get justice for the murdered
And interestingly I noticed that by staying off of that topic
His his interview is is being shared by lots of people and it's going lots of places because
For whatever reason we didn't question the faith in this particular interview and by not questioning the faith apparently
It's okay for the algorithm to hear it. It's okay for other people to share it. So
We'll take advantage of that
Because we're still telling the truth here. We still told the truth on the stream
I guess we just didn't say it so directly
But the illusion of consensus still stands these people are still standing and they're still
Pushing it
And so we still have a lot to fight even though we've been using this slide for more than three or four years now
This is still the truth. The illusion of consensus has been
Foisted upon us in order to invert our sovereignty to permissions
And I blame the intellectual dark web for doing it wittingly or unwittingly they knew they were being elevating
Artificially they knew they were being given a gift of comfort and fame and they took it
And when they were asked to use their comfort and fame to spread this mythology they spread it
And none of them have confessed to it yet. None of them have apologized for it yet. All of them are still claiming
hero
Still claiming victim
And
We have seen a tremendous amount of vaccine hesitancy unfortunately in the black and Hispanic community if they come up with
a vaccine be careful
Don't let them vaccinate you
With their history
Of treachery
Through vaccines
Hey black america only 67 percent of black americans say they definitely will get the vaccine or probably get the vaccine
So the black community has tremendous vaccine hesitancy
Okay, that is a real problem. They are making money now
plotting to give 7 billion 500 million people a vaccination
Dr. Fauci
No
Bill Gates and Melinda
You want to depopulate there
What the hell gives you that right?
People should be ripped up and down right now are people like Louis Farrakhan who's literally going out there and telling his millions of followers
That the covid vaccine is a vial of death. Have you seen any media coverage of this?
If a if a major
Conservative figure who had met with a bunch of members of congress were out there literally telling people that the covid vaccine was a vial of death
You know, that would be the front of every single newspaper, right?
Conservatives deny vaccine efficacy
And yet here was Louis Farrakhan doing just that democratic members of congress have met with this guy
They continue to meet with this guy. Have you seen a headline about this?
Here's Louis Farrakhan, but many many followers talking about how the covid vaccine is a vial of death
Some of these uh so-called vaccines
It's the nanoparticles
That
Men like dr. Fauci
Have
proprietary knowledge of
That allows them to get a patent
For their vial of death
I mean
How is that not the headline right? I mean seriously that should be the headline you want to talk about overcoming covid
We should be talking about vaccine hesitancy
I
Would argue that we should be talking about him
And how he is working to undermine
the american public's ability to govern itself
He is working to undermine our republic
by lying about
And and getting people to ask the wrong question
Think about how extraordinary that footage is this is the same guy that was sitting at that table with joe rogan
And jordan peterson and seff her uh sam harris and and eric weinstein and brett weinstein
Planning the intellectual dark web of group of people that would create an illusion of consensus a heterodoxy
And be in position at the start of the pandemic to do exactly this
Exactly what brett allowed sam to do on his number eight podcast in december of
2019 and go on and say
We're not going to be able to tolerate the anti-vax
mentality
When the next pandemic comes
I think i i think what they did is criminal we have on uh special guest
Back to the show
Uh, dr. robert melon. He's an internationally recognized scientist and physician as well as the inventor of the m rna vaccine
technology
And multiple non-viral dna and rna m rna platform delivery technologies
Dr. melon has approximately 100 scientific publication credits with over 12 000 citations of his work
during the pandemic dr
melon emerged as one of the
Severest critics of the covid vaccines and the scariest part of jimmy door is that he's trying
The scariest part of jimmy door is that you're actually watching a person being
made into a ping pong ball
And
every time
I mean
He had a real big awakening with regard to cornel west
He had a real big awakening with regard to to robert f Kennedy jr. As did i
And he can still have a very big awakening with regard to the pandemic
He's coming
To a theater outside of pittsburgh at the end of april and i will be there
And so i have very high hopes that jimmy door actually can be told to his face that these people have been lying
They're good people but they're not good people because they've been read into a national security
operation that is still ongoing
And so they have to agree that there was a novel virus they can't question that
And so you can't blame them
That's the situation they're in they've chosen it
They've made their bed now they've got to sleep in it, but you don't have to promote them anymore
And instead you can promote people like jessica hockett like mark kulak like myself
who understand the biology
That more parsimoniously explains what happened by a combination of of coordinated
and spectacular commitment to lies
And having a plan in place already that everybody was bound to stick to because of salary or whatever
I
Think we can get to them
And so I don't know what date it is. I got the tickets. I'm not gonna you can figure it out
It's uh like I don't know an hour outside of pittsburgh
Um, and we will be there
Because I do think that this limited spectrum of debate is starting to crack
And deform
Because it has been bent too far
And if we are vigilant and if we continue to apply steady pressure
Some of these people are going to break not everybody enjoys doing what they're doing
I don't think jessica rose and joys
Every time somebody introduces her she cringes a little bit with the she has an undergraduate degree in computational biology and a master's in
medicine and immunology and a
Postdoctoral degree or phd and this and a postdoctoral degree and that and another postdoctoral degree in that
She knows she's full of shit
She knows that's not the way that postdocs work
She knows that her track record that has led her all the way to tenure on sub stack is not exactly a track record that belies
mastery of any particular subject
But she is the self-declared bears expert and she is a independent researcher, I guess whatever that means
I don't think everybody enjoys it, but they all are aware of what they're doing. I am I assure you they know
Many times that early on
Or and I mean very early when the when the original wuhan strain was still active
You might have convinced me that it made sense to give a 92 year old debilitated nursing home patient a vaccine
Because there was some modicum of protection against that original strain, but the efficacy has long been
Below zero. It is now as dr. Alex sander points out. It is negative efficacy in all in all ages
in all ages in all ages is negative efficacy your risk of contracting covid
Is higher the more vaccinated you are and frankly what what the jury's out?
Well, we don't know yet
We know that it increases your risk of contracting covid and having severe symptoms
What we don't know is what it's doing to your overall immunity your risk of contracting influenza and having a bad outcome
Your risk certainly of developing a new cancer because you have suppressed your normal immune response
We certainly know that people are having
Uh, you know repeated outbreaks of shingles and other things because their immune systems have taken a real ding
from these
um, dr
Riche I was going to say dr. Alex sander dr. Riche just shared with us a couple of days ago
A new study that looked for the first time that i'm aware at the risk benefit calculations
Specifically for the 18 to 29 year olds with regard to the boosters so they're still debating how the
Transfection interacts with the novel virus
And so this is going to feed right into the narrative that there is biology that
Herret vunden bosh is the master of and most in touch with and so sooner or later
I think herret vunden bosh is going to be the guy that takes the international stage
To explain to us what the next wave of of nonsense is going to be but it's basically going to be
the idea that the effect of over vaccinating the world
With this highly effective
Is going to be that we push the virus into this particularly dangerous direction
That's now having ramifications all around the world
Of course that could be something that they had planned and aren't going to do anymore
It's something that they might want us to argue about but it will never actually happen
And already we can see
This week herret vunden bosh has another post about how this
There is a picture of a tsunami and that he can predict it
And so this whole
Thing is just a bunch of actors all agree not to question the basic tenets of the faith
Which is that there was a novel virus for which we were all vulnerable
And that vaccines give us immunity through antibodies and that we can measure the antibodies
And the the affinity of the affinity that they have for them
Now we're going to be told
All kinds of stories about how there are all these maladaptive antibodies
And maybe autoimmunity from the shot is being caused by antibodies
Which are being made to the spike that are too good or something like that
We're still being
Going around the the roundabout. There's big Ben. There's parliament
Hey kids. There's big Ben. There's parliament around and around the roundabout
And no one ever actually makes the turn
To understanding that if they lied about the immunology and they lied about the potential for gain of function
And they lied about the protocols that they used and they lied about the numbers
And there's no need for there to be a novel virus
If we don't have any data about the prevalence of these sequences or sequences related to them before the pandemic
Then we have no reason to believe that it wasn't here before then
And
As the number of doctors comes forward and says hey wait a minute, this doesn't make any sense
Once the number of doctors realizes what happens to a person who comes into a hospital
Thinking that they might be sick
And they get surrounded by people who are wearing garbage bags
And helmets and face masks and steaming up
Steaming up woodshop goggles in order to protect themselves what they perceive me to have
Well, that's a pretty optimal
Optimal start for the doctor-patient relationship. I'm sure that will be totally successful put him on oxygen
And away we go
One lie on tv and on the nih directors blog another lie on social media and on youtube
One doctor
named kyle seidel one nurse named erin
And away we go
And this spread of bad ideas continues with one doctor named piaer
One retired pharmacy guy named uh jirado
All these people putting bad ideas out there that supposedly explain everything
With certainty while insulting everybody else
Instead of coming to the obvious conclusion that why couldn't it be all of these things
Why does mark jirado have to be right about the bolus theory
Why couldn't the bolus theory be part of the problem
Why do we have to be right about vaccines causing autism why couldn't sometimes it cause autism and sometimes it's the tylenol given afterward
Sometimes it's the circumstances beforehand or the circumstances afterward sometimes it's
Maybe even a genetic vulnerability
And an environmental insult
But why does it always have to be one thing one explanation one answer because then you'll almost certainly get it wrong
That's how they played us
I'm right. No, you're right. I'm certain. Oh, that's a great explanation. Wow
The only one that really fits that explanation is lying
Once you realize that if a group of people agrees to lie to another group of people that they happen to be above in social status
Happened to be above in social media ranking and following
We would be screwed
And all the other things wouldn't be necessary
They could convince us of an alien invasion
I'm dr. Gus cramp. They could convince us. We need to say our pronouns
Nova Scotia pronouns. He him
I'm david Fraser. I'm a privacy lawyer with meganis cooper working with the college of physicians and surgeons
They key him
They can convince people
who know
That saying your pronouns out loud is dumb
And panders to a mentality that is not biologically sound and based in biological
The sacredness of biology but based in some kind of twisted nonsense
That has nothing to do with who we are as a species nothing to do with what life is on earth
That's how disturbing the transgender movement is is because it doesn't just deny
human reality it denies natural reality
It suggests somehow that we can have a rainbow of genders which need to be
understood and nurtured and maybe even surgically enhanced or or
gated
with pharmaceutical intervention
And that's what separates us from the beasts of the world
That's what separates us
And I don't think
God ever intended for us to be separate
I recall jesus talking something about
You shouldn't care about your clothes or the sparrows or something
We are in big trouble ladies and gentlemen, this is a this is a hearing in canada where they are
Fighting against but essentially nothing is going to be nothing's going to stop it
Then this financial measures act they are turning over
The data of all of the canadians and specifically of course their vaccination record, but everything over to the government
It's now accessible
And I don't know what else they're going to do there testing out what they can get away with up there before they try to enact it down here
Same with australia in new zealand israel and europe the eu
All different aspects of the prison being tried out
All different aspects of the prison being rolled out in test so that they know how to do it best in america
That's the reality of things ladies and gentlemen
That's why i'm wearing this hat because america is under attack america is the focus of this
The eu is already gone
Canada's already gone australia gave up their guns in the 90s
New zealand come on
We're talking about what is that four counties in a in a popular state in america i mean give me a break ladies and gentlemen
the
Past is fading into mist very rapidly and being erased
By people like paul off it by people like robert malone
Being erased 2020 is being erased
2021 is being erased they are being forgotten
And this lie is going to become the truth if we're not careful because these people are still lying to us
About this illusion of consensus this worst case scenario
They're still lying to us about it lots of them are and they were doing it from the very very beginning
From the very very very beginning they were lying to us about the worst case scenario
We were on this road all by ourselves. We got picked up in their car and they were lying to us
This is from just a few days ago i'm just going to escape
I'm going to start it over so that we get a little extra computing power here
This is from just a few days ago my good friend ryan cole
Who i trust as being a pretty good guy
um ryan cole when i met him at the
at the conference in in um
Where did i put that now? Where did that cole?
Oh wow, where is that?
Sorry not carry it around anymore. I thought i carried it around somewhere
Oh, what in the hell i have a little i had a little note from ryan cole
That he wrote to me
At that conference and now i can't find it it was supposed to be in my big wallet here
But anyway, it was a very supportive note and i actually believe that ryan cole is a good guy
and that um
He's been on the inside of a few of these meetings he's been in a few of these places and um
He's a smart guy
He says what he can
um
I don't know. I don't know how i feel about him. I know that I I I
I have a better feeling about ryan cole than i have about a lot of people
And he could still be a ping pong ball
And he could still be being used like all of us are
Um being used even if we don't think we are I assume that somebody's still using me
Or trying to
Um, and I think ryan cole does his very best not to be used
Um, but he was on brat wyenstein's podcast and I think to a certain extent brat used him
Um, and so i'm gonna I got a couple clips, but I mean it's like two hours long so we won't do the whole thing
I
In science is horrific at this point. It's it's apocalyptic and the fact
epistemic hubris
You know the hubris that allowed it to happen is bad enough
The hubris that
Decides to hard code that it turns out to have been brilliant and have worked wonderfully when the pattern that we see is
No, you've created a ton of new pathology that far exceeds the cost of this
Viral pathology and worse the viral pathology itself was tremendously manageable with already existing
Safe drugs. Absolutely. So the point is look at how serious was this emergency? Well, they made it into an emergency
Which then necessitated a radical intervention in their minds
And they have decided that the radical intervention
Must have worked wonderfully without causing harm because they told us it was safe and effective and that can't have been a lie
So, you know, so we're still injecting people with this stuff, which there simply isn't a defensive. Oh, it's absolutely scientifically indefensible at this point
Now what I find deceptive about this and I don't think that Ryan Cole is aware of what what Brett is doing
And I do think that Brett is definitely holding a ping-pong ball
ping-pong paddle and using Ryan as a ball
Where he is claiming basically that he spoke up in 2020 or something like that because he didn't
He's basically
Absolving himself from any role in anybody stumbling their way into this shot
in there being any
Amount of success at all. Hold on one second
I'm not gonna I maybe you can drop him off and come back and then I can go get him and play with him when I get there
um
the
The idea here for me that is most annoying is that Brett was not
on point with his principles in 2020 or 2021
And in fact, I think he's responsible for spreading some very very
dangerous aspects of the worst case scenario
too early on for it to have been random
One of the things I find very surprising is that
Yuri Dagan a member of drastic was on Brett Weinstein's podcast and I actually didn't know
that it happened
at that time I wasn't aware of who Brett was
And so even though a member of drastic got on Brett Weinstein's podcast
Nobody inside of drastic really discussed it that I remember and I certainly never saw the video
And
In actuality it turns out that the whole
thing with with drastic was one big operation right because
Yuri Dagan is part of that splitting of drastic into two groups
Yuri Dagan created this fight between him and Carl and and and Dan
Dan Saratkin and Carl Saratkin
And and fractured the group and forced people to choose
And then Yuri Dagan was the first person in drastic to block me on twitter
And he blocked me on twitter because I said that something about the
Transfection being much more important than the origin of the virus at this stage
Having already
Risked my faculty position and reviewed his paper and put my name in the university of Pittsburgh's name on his
His paper about the fear and cleavage site
That was his thanks for me
And the interesting thing was is that I was in a in a
kind of
private
slack group
Where Yuri Dagan was in that slack group supposedly learning to day trade
And he blocked me on twitter, but still tried to be my friend a little bit in that group
So already indirectly admitting that kind of it was a it was a big show
And there you have it
Piece by piece little hint by little hint little lie by little lie little deception by little deception
betrayal after betrayal
And so I'm left feeling like the aliens keep coming to my house
And I keep having to call up the news program and say hey, they were here again
And nobody wants to hear the story anymore
But this is the result of it
The result is that somebody like Brett Weinstein who's been meddling with me since
2021 has been lying to me behind the scenes and a signal chat
Since 2021 about his intentions about his loyalties about his relationship with his brother about his understanding of immunology and and
transfection
In order to run out the clock
In order to make sure that the worst case scenario was never doubted early enough for anybody to escape the trap
That was the transfection. He's fine with with taking the mantle of hero now knowing full well that he did his job to a t
And got every vulnerable skilled television watcher to buy full in and they're still by it bought it
And
Now listen to this extremely disingenuous discussion about the possibility that there was no novel virus
Because that's what we're in his car, right? He's driving around telling us the same story after four years
You think maybe the story would have changed and it would be different, but it's not
um
I wanted to ask you about something else. There is an awful lot of heat around the idea
There's a group of people some of whom I know who have become convinced
That there was no novel pathogen during covid
and while on the one hand
I believe they've missed their point. I think their actual point should be something like
No novel pathogen was necessary for most of what took place during covid
There was an awful lot of psychological manipulation that
Involved fear of a pathogen, but not did not require there to be a pathogen
As far as i'm concerned
It is a slam dunk that there was a pathogen a novel one circulating and that that is not
Our minds playing tricks on us spotting normal flu that we would have gotten otherwise
And diagnosing it as covid
Have I ever said that it was our minds playing tricks on us
Have have any of us
Has thomas binder ever said that it was our mind playing tricks on us has mark ever said that it was our mind playing tricks on us
What i'm saying and when mark saying what jessica hocketer saying is that people are lying to us about it
And that's why we were fooled
And he is in on it
He whether he was winningly or unwittingly enough participating in it
He fueled the worst case scenario narrative about a novel virus escaping from a lab or coming from bushmeat
And that worst case scenario is the reason why a lot of skilled tv watchers and a lot
Of skilled social media users are still convinced that this isn't a transaction. It's a vaccination
It was him that allowed the narrative to take hold
It was him that allowed this the the trials for the vaccine to have meaning. Do you understand that
If mike eden would have gotten to the mike in 2020 and said there isn't a novel pathogen that we need to worry about because we have
overlapping t cell immunity if if if ryan cole would have been able to say that in 2020
to the masses
Then the transfection would have never taken place
ivermectin would have never been needed hydroxychloroquine wouldn't have been a discussion point
Ventilators or no ventilators come on
The only way they got away with that is calling this a novel virus and making doctors put on garbage bags
And doctors put on garbage bags because he said it was a good idea
Because the potential was there
It wasn't our minds fooling us it was people agreeing to fool us
And yes, I do believe
It's possible very likely that Brett Weinstein wittingly or unwittingly was one of those people that was put in place early on to make sure
That the internet would not be a place of escape, but would be another
facet of the trap
This is just a few days ago and he still can't manage to say much
It's an awful lot of weirdness surrounding the tests for covid which seemed to be
bizarrely unreliable
Um, but in any case I wanted to get your assessment as a
Does that come off as a I'm sorry. I'm eating this meat stick
Does that come off as a honest assessment of the PCR test
Given what you've heard from me
Where I've tried so desperately to explain
That if we have a background signal that could be conflated using PCR
That the specificity is important that nested primers would be important that multiple controls would be important that all kinds of methodological
Steps could be taken to make these things more accurate that we're never taken
And he gives them the simplest lucy football
garbage
Statement about it instead of being precise instead of talking about the details instead of telling the whole story
We get have truths
An information that is essentially useless to his listeners because that didn't that didn't arm them with any knowledge that
has any teeth
That just said well, I guess Brett Weinstein's also very skeptical of the PCR that seems bizarrely unreliable
Why would it be bizarrely unreliable?
You're a biologist explain it take a shot Brett
For once in four years take a shot at explaining something using your own ideas
Your own best understanding
He won't because you can't
That sound was invented for Brett Weinstein the doctor who was
working with
Examples from patients of all levels of sickness
How confident are you that there was a novel pathogen circulating during what we I think wrongly called a pandemic
I call it semi novel because the homology to SARS-CoV-1 another beta coronavirus is 76 76
homologous
and if you look at the proteins of
common called coronaviruses
Whether you're looking at the other the nucleocapsid region or other regions
Anywhere from 40 to 60 percent similar to and it goes to your expertise of evolutionary biology
Let's get a little more precise here Ryan
I love you to death
But if you're going to say something about the end protein or other proteins that were potential targets for
the the amplicons
Please be sure that you at least mention
That these are functional proteins and as functional proteins
They have parts that are more important than other parts and parts that are more conserved than other parts
And so if we aimed this PCR had a more conserved region it will have more overlap
With the end protein of other coronaviruses than if we pick the part that doesn't have overlap
And that choice needed to be made
And that choice probably wasn't made to our advantage
But to theirs for maximum positivity and maximum lack of specificity
You could be more precise four years into this
Brett Weinstein's knowledge could be a little bit more in depth four years into this, but it's not
And so although Ryan is doing his best
He hasn't talked to me about it
And he hasn't watched the videos that i've produced about it so that you can really understand
That for example the poly protein that's made by the open reading frame one a b or one a
Those poly proteins to a certain extent are pretty highly conserved because they're all enzymes that do different things like
Cut up the poly protein in order to make the the replicase transcriptase
Complex whatever you want to call it that actually copies things
There's a viral protein that needs to be made before any of this stuff can happen
And so there are regions in there that are highly conserved across coronaviruses that happen to be also highly conserved across t cell memory
And that's the heart of the story that's that's how you get to the heart of the story the quickest
It doesn't seem like they're really doing that here
And so yeah, i'm a little frustrated with both ryan and brat, but it's because of brat
Because brat purports to be this guy who studies complex systems
An evolutionary biology with a unique insight into everything
But he doesn't really understand the details of anything
And he can't explain them
But he wants to claim mastery he wants to claim that he's ahead of it. He wants to claim these ideas are his own
But he couldn't teach his way out of a wet paper bag. What's going on here other than lying and posing
To be part of the governance structure. These auditioning for something. What's novel about this one is the
spike protein
and
The improbability that it would bind to human cells to the degree of affinity to which it does
Which again goes back to many of them
So if they planted a cloned sequence
So that there would be no sequence errors because remember sequencing is a consensus genome
So if they were really sequencing a novel virus in the wild
The spike protein would be the most varied subgenomic
Gene because it is the most it's translated in the greatest abundance
We've looked at these experiments before it gets translated in several orders of magnitude more times than the whole genome
It could be 600,000 copies of the spike protein subgenomic RNA
And not all those copies are perfect
Which means not all the spike proteins that are produced are the same spike protein and so there would be a consensus genome
And so if the consensus genome that they published in China was wrong
Then the fear and cleavage site might have just been lost because
the translation of the consensus by the algorithm didn't translate that amino acid to the right amino acid
How many errors in those places would be
necessary for the illusion
Of this novel virus to go away like those hiv inserts
Those also just happen to come right out of the sequence there. We didn't miss any of those
And so you could think of it as wow serendipity
huh that the same sequence was founded Wuhan that was found in
In seattle that gets found in bergamot or anywhere else
But the very way that that sequencing is done suggests that that shouldn't even be possible
The
Very way that viruses are supposed to replicate such suggests that that shouldn't even be possible
And yet none of these
Foundational assumptions are ever going to be questioned by these two guys because we are on a fully safe medium
That is the Brett Weinstein podcast
The books you and I have both read and presentations that this was targeted and engineered
in a way to
Be novel in its behavior
Genetically, it's not as novel as oh de novo. Here's a brand new virus. Yeah. No, here's a backbone
And here's a new damaging modality that has been tacked on to it
so
It's novel in that regard and this is why a lot of people didn't happen to get very sick with it because they had cross reactivity
To so many other proteins in their immune systems. That's just so similar though. All those colds have had that sure
You know system had seen close relatives, but yeah, I don't mean novel in the sense of yeah wildly different
I mean novel in the sense
The behavior was different. I mean how many viruses caused the extreme clotting that we saw with this virus in the pre
Roll out of the injections. Yeah, it was causing certain harms that we weren't used to seeing clinically in that sense
Yeah, we were seeing novel behaviors of it
Right. Uh a novel set of pathologies
And in my opinion, I mean part of the argument
I would be interested to talk to ryan about whether those novel pathologies could be explained by supplemental oxygen that wasn't necessary to give
Because
Talking about clotting in the united states talking about clotting
And injuries like heart attacks and that kind of thing where we know
We know that there were do not resuscitate orders
We know that people weren't treating people like they should have been treated
We know that people were being given things that they shouldn't have been given that were not ever
considered okay before
And I am very suspect
When anybody says that what we saw was novel when what we did was novel
Every time somebody tested positive or we suspected it
Especially in the beginning we treated them in a way that we never would have treated them otherwise
Not in the history the modern history of the united states
And they are actively ignoring that
They are not talking about that fact
They are just assuming that everything that we saw that was novel was really a coronavirus when we were primed
to see it
We were really primed to see it
Okay, don't come in here and that's fine
Little demons
Oops, that was not what I wanted to do. I'm gonna go back one. Oh, come on. J. You're ruining it. You're ruining it. Oh my goodness
I blew it. There we go
Okay, let me up
Come on, please stop fiddling around
Mm. No novel pathogen
is that
Biologists overrate their capacity to actually produce anything new that would stand up under
Environmental conditions and I have some sympathy with that. That's the whole de novo. Here's a brand new virus. Yeah. Oh, here's a backbone
And here's a new damaging modality that has been tacked on to it
so
It's novel in that regard and this is why a lot of people didn't happen to get very sick with it because they had cross-react
Activity to so many other proteins in their immune systems. That's just so similar though
All those colds have had that sure the immune system had seen close relatives, but yeah
I don't mean novel in the sense see they still don't understand it and and bread is still not saying it and even though
I've been trying to get it in his head for four years now
It's not that you saw it before it's what is shared between these these
Whatever they want to call them pathogens
That's important. It is the it is the damage
Associated molecular pattern that we make immune memory to we don't make
brand new snapshots with all kinds of brand new antibodies to every virus that we come in contact with
Even if there are all kinds of different viruses, which I'm not really sure about anymore
That's not the way the immune system works
The immune system tries to limit the amount of memory it makes and it makes memory
To things that it considers vital important conserved and damaging dangerous
There's no reason to make an antibody to something that isn't dangerous
And the implication is is that we block the virus from binding to ourselves
Block the virus because we have to block the virus with an antibody so that it can't bind
That's not a
Real legitimate use of an antibody unless what we're blocking is toxic
Unless where what we're blocking is a is a damage associated molecular pattern. It doesn't make any sense
To make a molecular memory to it
So something about the idea of neutralizing antibodies and antibodies targeted to the receptor binding domain
Is already biologically incongruent. I can't explain adequately what it is or how it is
But without a doubt, it's biologically incongruent. It's it's creepy and they are not touching it
Just like jolly getting all angry about jay ignoring his spike chain hypothesis is not addressing this issue
And
It feels like they are but they're not because if they were they would be addressing the biological
Implausibility of antibodies being a primary response being a reflective of something good
Yeah wildly different. I mean novel in the sense that behavior was different
I mean, how many viruses caused the extreme clotting that we saw with this virus in the pre
for a lot of injections extreme clotting I would really like to understand what he's talking about here
What is this extreme clotting?
What papers does he have evidence for it from and how does he differentiate this from people who were having a stroke and told
They are not resuscitated. How many how many people had heart attacks because they were put inappropriately on ventilation or you know all of this stuff
I have got a I've got a I've got a problem with it if people were sedated
Um to be put on a ventilator
You know all of these things can cause an increase in clotting an increase in in all of these problems that have nothing to do with covid
You see if all of these people were dying in their house
That'd be one thing, but I think the majority of the people died in a hospital where the clotting could be caused by the whole
Certain harms that we weren't used to seeing clinically in that sense. Yeah, we were seeing novel behaviors of it
Right. Uh a novel set of pathologies
And in my opinion, I mean part of the argument for there being no novel pathogen
Is that um biologists over rate? No
No
The primary reason why we argue that there might not be a pathogen is because there's no evidence of spread
You poser
You absolute poser
You can't possibly be
You are masquerading as a deep thinker if you haven't gotten to this realization already
That that denny rank or or jessica hockett or myself or anyone else hasn't brought you to understand
That if the 500 000 people so far that have died in the last few years
From opioids aren't accounted for but are just called excess deaths and then rolled into covid. We have a problem
If you're not willing to take account of the fact that people were murdered in 2020 then we have a problem
And bread is not willing to take that into account because he was part of it
He was part of seeding the narrative
He was part of making sure that everybody complied with the lockdown that didn't resist it too much
That didn't come up with a good reason to resist
He was part of it
And my guess is that he participated willingly because he thought he was doing something bright that he thought maybe he was going to save some lives
Because the worst case scenario might be true because he's not sophisticated enough yet to understand it
Because he's either been looking away too long. He hasn't bothered to read what i've put in front of him or
He's actively participating in the network of people that govern us with lies that's linked to his father and all these other people
How about that?
Now that i'm not linked to chd, I guess I can say anything I want to about their partners
Let's keep this playing
Their capacity to actually produce anything new that would stand up under
Environmental conditions and I have some sympathy with that. That's the kind of argument I would often make about you know
Listen to how medically in that sense
Yeah, we were this argument that Brett makes is that that biologists can't make something that can do this
This is again a very very clever absorption of giga-ohm biological statement
That r&a can't pandemic
He's trying to be a mealy-mouthed absorber of the real points we are making
He's obfuscating the truth here
in the worst way possible
See it for what it is r&a can't pandemic is a very very simple idea
That in all the time that he's been talking about it since the start of this clip he hasn't even come close
to distilling it down to that
Raw essence r&a can't pandemic that's that is the the principle so if r&a can't pandemic
I must have always been there and if it was always there then they're lying about it
And that's how the PCR was bizarrely unreliable. Gee. It's not very complicated. Is it Brett?
Unless you're spectacularly committed to the lie
If you're spectacularly committed to the faith and it's your job
To make sure that people like Ryan Cole never find people like me and listen long enough to understand that you're actually part of it
So I think we should work to get Ryan Cole on our stream because I think actually Ryan Cole
Is capable of understanding that these people may have lied to us that people were put in place in order to lie to us
That this wasn't a plan that they hatched a few weeks before the january 2020 announcement
But it was a plan that they hatched 20 years ago
And have been putting people in place to execute this plan for 20 years
some
Some of them wittingly some of them unwittingly
But we are under attack by people who are essentially traitors
We're seeing novel behaviors of it right a a novel set of pathologies
Corros Sherman and in my opinion, I mean part of the argument for there being no novel pathogen
is that
Biologists overrate their capacity to actually produce anything new that was
Environmental conditions and I have some sympathy with that
That's the kind of argument I would often make about you know the hubris of
Biologists who think they can outwit nature, but that's not what I think happened
Right. I think mostly what happened is a pathogen that would not have
Jumped to humans
Might have jumped to individual humans, but would not have jumped to humans and circulated amongst them
Was shepherded into humans right in the laboratory. Yeah, um for
Presumably weapons purposes, but nonetheless that
You know shepherding he means that they uh they enhanced it they may enriched it
They worked it on a background so that we become better at what it's doing that. That's the gain of function narrative
That's the scooby-doo. He's actually reciting it right now
Gosh darn it
Sorry, I gotta go back to that. I gotta be very careful where I click
Right about here
That isn't flu into people that has that so
You know and I must say
There's a question about how many times in life you're going to get this there was some amount of flu
Oh my ships here we go
I'm sorry about this. This is I should just really have it as a separate video
I shouldn't have it in here like this
The idea that this significance the medical significance of a case of covid was in
Scale of things that we already had, but here's what bothers me about that argument
Let's say that this is somewhere in the neighborhood of flu in terms of
Of virulence the harm done to the human
Okay, well we had flu
Now somebody has jumped another thing that isn't flu into people that has that so
You know and I must say
There's a question about how many times in life you're going to get this there was some amount of
Flu that you were going to get in a lifetime. Somebody's now introduced an alternative flavor of
It doesn't matter to me that it's not worse than flu
The point is I was already going to get flu a certain number of times in life
And now I have to get flu plus this other thing right? That's a lot of sickness
Right so they cost in terms of the human population suffering from cases of descendants of whatever the hell
They did that's a massive loss to humanity. Even if it is no worse than flu
Right, it may not radically alter how you should feel about an innovative to what else exists in the millow
Yes, exactly. Exactly. I will also say though
I'm convinced based on what my family saw and experienced
That there was a novel pathogen and the number of excellent doctors who
Saw this clinically or in your case as a pathologist
That doesn't tell me what how many times do you think he needs to reiterate that he's sure there was a novel pathogen based on his family
Experience and other doctors and what we said five minutes ago and what I said 10 minutes before that
I'm sure there was a novel, but i'm sure it i'm sure i'm absolutely sure
And don't forget in june of 2021. He was absolutely sure that prophylactic use of ivermectin was as good as a vaccine
And that prophylactic use of ivermectin was allowing him and rober malone and
Steve kirsch to hang out on his show and talk about all the subtleties of
Transfection. I mean they never used that word, but that's what they were talking about and
And talk about how 60 days of everybody on ivermectin
Would essentially end the pandemic according to steve and bret
And so I guess he never got covid right because he was using ivermectin prophylactically virus
It was right in other words
I'm open to the possibility that the story that we've gotten about sarsko v2 is not the story
Of the so-called pandemic right where it is part of the story, but not the whole story
But what i'm you know, i'm open to anything in principle
But it's going to be a high bar to establish that there was no novel pathogen because i got sick with something
Not in the winter multiple times and it was pretty significant what right wait what maybe not worse than a flu but bad
Wait, what if we're just on what my family saw say what experienced say what was the novel pathogen and the number of
Excellent doctors who what did he just say this clinically or in your case as a pathologist
That doesn't tell me what virus
It was right in other words
I'm open to the possibility that the story that we've gotten about sarsko v2 is not the story
Of the so-called pandemic right where it is part of the story, but not the whole story
But what i'm you know, i'm open to anything in principle
But it's going to be a high bar to establish that there was no novel pathogen because i got sick with something
Not in the winter multiple times and it was pretty significant holy crap
Maybe not worse than a flu but bad
Did he test
What is he saying here?
He got sick
Not in the winter time multiple times that wasn't flu when did i hear about this what is this where did the prophylactic ibermectin go
Did he stop wearing his bandana and goggles is that why he got sick
Can you see anything other than a liar here
How is it possible to see anything other than a liar
Someone who will tell and say whatever words he thinks are necessary to say in order to grift however he grifts
Make
Make whatever animal sounds he needs to make in order to make the ends meet i guess
I have a little bit of a personal issue with him yes because he lied to me for a long time
With the help of other people
And then he lied about me
to other people
And other people are lying to me
And lying to other people about me
Probably at his behest or other people's behest all
basically part of the same team
Serving weaponized piles of money that are trying to help
foreign powers
Destroy what's left of our republic and take what what's left of the wealth of america and turn it inside out
Sell it to the highest bidder
We're going to wake up homeless on them on the on the land that our forefathers conquered
Because of people like Brett Weinstein who are posing as
Patriots fighting for our children's freedom when in reality he's nothing more than an immunomethologist
Parroting the same mythology that got us here from the very beginning
and evolving only as fast as his
controllers want him to evolve
It's different enough though for me when I got it back in december of
December 21, so I I get I got to enjoy the delta variant and
But in terms of tested
Sequence overflowing the testing that I got criticized in the media for lowering my cycle thresholds
And then you can't do that. I said well if you read federal standards a laboratory director can set ranges on test
Please beware that now he's talking about cycle thresholds, but neither Brett nor brian
Unfortunately is going to explain it as succinctly as thomas binder did
That if you do a pcr test with 98 accuracy and 98 percent specificity
Excuse me and you do it on a population where the prevalence is zero
Every one of your positives is a false positive
And so there were lots of different ways to game
the tests
If there's a background there was a way to game positives and negatives
If there is a a specificity, there's a way to game positives and negatives and then those things could change
If you are willing to believe sashalatapova's coverage of
of
Particoper
And and the batches for different
for different
doses of the vaccine
How can you possibly not think that the lateral flow tests that are produced in china the lateral the pcr tests that were produced in china
The pcr tests that were produced in 200 different ways in america alone
Couldn't be manufactured in such a way to orchestrate
Whatever they needed to orchestrate at that particular week or month
It doesn't even cross their mind that they would be bizarrely unreliable
Maybe because they're bizarrely non homogenous
Maybe because they're not all the same
Maybe because there's no consistency in anything
That was purported to be consistent
No certainty in anything that was purported to be certain
And yet none of the certainties that the real that the pandemic relies on are being used fully questioned by these guys
And that's why we will remain trapped our children will remain trapped
And brett Weinstein is in the business of perpetuating this mythology by passing it on to our young people
his viewership
These college age adults who think he's hip or cool because he got pseudo fired
By getting a $500,000 settlement from a
Poe dunk
super leftist crazy teaching university in the in the backwoods of Oregon
It's based on his population. Mm-hmm
But you know some dumpy newspaper reporter that knows more than a physician scientist lab director
You can do that like yes, I can
And so at the same they're the same they're absolutely the same you want to hear how the same they are let's listen to let's listen to
To paul off it right now you want to listen to paul off it talk all the same right now here it is
It's all the same i'm going to speed it up
Make it faster
So we don't have to listen to all of it so long, but it's the same narrative right the same exact narrative
From microb tv. This is beyond the noise episode number 35 recorded on march 27th 2024
I'm vincent rak and yellow and joining me today is your host dr. Paul off it. Hi vinson
This is the video version of paul's column on sub stack called beyond the noise
And today we're going to look at this week's column called why did the anti-vaccine movement tilt to the right?
So I didn't know this what and you say this early on in the article what's the evidence said initially?
This anti-vaccine agen activists never actually had a political agenda
Right. So anti-vaccine activism was born of the first vaccine the smallpox vaccine, um, you know created by edward gennon late 1700s and and he used
And so how often have we heard this right how often have we heard this story?
Maybe I can't play it while i'm streaming to youtube. I probably won't do that
this thing right here this video is extraordinary because essentially
Um, paul is going to tell a story of overwhelming
You know, we were our system was overwhelmed
and the
Vaccine hesitancy has kind of moved to the right because of you know, whatever we're
The right the right side is now the bad side or something
I don't know what his story is but essentially he tells the same story about a novel virus
and we didn't know what to do about and and it's extraordinary how parallel their stories will be to that of bret and
and uh
And ryan and what they'd talked about and more importantly didn't talk about in that podcast
So let's just skip this. Let's just skip it because I don't want to waste the bandwidth
And I should finish up before four o'clock so I can go to the gym
So we have paul off it and we have bret Weinstein basically agreeing on the
The the the aspects of the narrative that are most important
Which is a mystery virus and then excess deaths are caused by the mystery virus
has mystery virus with mystery
Attributes that include clotting and and and whatever other
you know
Symptoms are there because of ace two or because of a fear and cleavage cider
You know, whatever explanation that they want to give you the mystery virus equals excess deaths and neither
neither
Neither the twib group nor the dark horse podcast is capable of distilling this down
To the essential fear uncertainty and doubt that caused this they're not
Capable of talking about the newest thing that we've come to realize is a real crucial part of the early narrative
Which was the overuse of pulse oximeters to get people to go to the hospital that even flccc was involved in
And using pulse oximeters to get people to go to the hospital where they would then be put on supplemental oxygen
Which would cause them to have the lung problems that would allow them to justify
Well, the pain that you feel could be alleviated if we put you on a ventilator and bang there goes the deaths
They can't seem to sort through the do not resuscitate orders that are documented in New York is being
Contributing to this false idea that covid was causing people to have heart attacks
They don't seem to be able to actually annunciate that ventilators were not only misused but used to stop spread
They weren't just misused they were used to stop spread
Which is very very different if you have doctors that are so shitting their pants
Little residents that are so scared by the military presence in their hospital
That they are willing to tell people that because of this very dangerous virus
We're going to ventilate you so that you don't spread it to other people in the hospital
Where's that part of the narrative for these guys after four years of trying to figure it out?
Did they say that we didn't use antibiotics
Did they say that there was poor use of steroids
Did they mention remdesivir mandazalam at all
Did they say anything about the opioid deaths that have contributed to this illusion of excess deaths
Especially excess deaths below a certain age group
Did they say anything about the death certificate fraud that was
Documented since the beginning of the pandemic in california in new york and elsewhere
Did they talk about financial incentives that concurged
hospital systems to call everything covid so that maybe
Strokes and other stuff would be called covid and so that people like
Ryan cole would be fooled into believing that the novel virus was doing novel things
Did they talk about that?
Is that even a possibility on their radar?
Did they talk about the track and trace and all the money that was spent on it that it made people believe that something was really happening
When it wasn't did they talk about that at all?
Did they talk about how the closures made people think
That something was happening and misled people and did they talk about wearing bandanas to the store
And advocating for closure
Hadbicating for people to stay away from their grandparents over christmas might have caused this problem
Of course they didn't because bread encouraged people to stay home and not go to their grandma's house over
The first christmas of 2020 did they talk about pcr fraud
Did they talk about lateral flow test fraud
No, they were just bizarrely unreliable did they talk about sequencing fraud
They even talk about what sequencing might mean in terms of fraud that they use
Between 106 and 99 primary pairs to amplify the sequences that they call covid
How many of those need to amplify in order for a sequence to be recorded? Did they talk about that?
So they basically didn't talk about anything that would help people to understand why
Having the position that there might not really have been a novel virus necessary or even present
Is a relevant discussion?
Of course they didn't talk about the idea that you know, maybe we should have some Medicaid costs were avoided
They didn't talk about the fact that all these dead people all these old people and old folks homes
That died all these medicare people that came to the hospital and died. They're not having any medicare costs anymore
Something that big insurance companies and think tanks since the late 90s
We're talking about how the impending doom of the boomers
Was going to bankrupt the united states system because medicare is one of the single largest non
Negotiable items on the american budget interesting. They didn't talk about that either
Did they talk about strict liability being a very simple legal principle that we should just apply
To every pharmaceutical and this problem would be solved
Did they talk about how?
Actually, the prep act is a violation of our seventh amendment because it doesn't allow us to sue for any damages over
$20 did they talk about that
No, unfortunately they didn't even though brett's dad has been a lawyer since jfk
Did they talk about zero epidemiological evidence of spread
No, they didn't
So my overall rating of their podcast is
Of course, not very good
But what can we do when there is a limited spectrum of debate that people are obliged to stay within
There is a limited spectrum of debate that the weaponized pile of money that you serve
Obliges you to stay within and enforce well, then you do it
That's who bret Weinstein is
That's who the intellectual dark web is
They are essentially responsible
For allowing
This to happen
All of these people have been pretending to contribute to something they didn't need to contribute to
They have been pretending to contribute to a phenomenon that they aren't contributing to at all
They have been pretending to be essential
To something for which they are completely unnecessary
And that's why I love this video so much
Because not only did they accomplish that but they actually accomplished getting us
To believe that they were essential that they were contributing
To something that they were not contributing to that they were
Important in a phenomenon for which they had no bearing and no imposition
And so what their job was was to
Participate in this illusion their job was to occupy our attention with questions that would not allow us to escape
Don't worry about that guy. He's just stopping the train and he's just helping the train start again
Focus on the lab leak and the spike protein
Focus on that guy who's
Talking about lockdown
Focus on that guy who is sure that we might not have any immunity to this that amino mono one might not apply to this virus
Because it's again a function virus
Focus on that guy who's talking about 5g
How about you focus on the novel treatments that are being suppressed by your bad government
Focus on the leaks that we understand our people saying that we have to cover up hydroxychloroquine or
Cover up ibramectin or we have to run a really shitty trial
It's so crappy that even a gas station attendant can understand how crappy it is
And then we'll get them to argue about hydroxychloroquine and ibramectin and how they might work
And how it's so unfair that doctors can't use something that was over the counter before 2020
So that they never questioned whether or not that guy's really doing anything
So that you never questioned whether there is a virus you already accepted there is one
And you already accepted the relevant thing is to figure out where it came from
Why don't we get you to argue about double-stranded DNA contamination in the shots that we rushed it
So that you won't ask a question of whether
Transfection was criminally negligent in its purest form, which is most certainly was
Why don't we get you to argue about a proposal that we leaked ourselves?
That almost assuredly is a slam dunk for how the pandemic started. It's a
RNA that we sprayed in a bat cave
And then mother nature did the rest
I mean look it's it was a leaked proposal
These people don't lie
I mean it's a leak
Team worst case scenario was in place
Team worst case scenario was recruited encouraged and is still in place now
To make sure that the transfection is and its damages forever
Conformed and conflated with that of the virus be it the spike protein or what have you
That mission is a virtually accomplished now with regard to the to the college kids
to the young adults
To the skilled tv watchers and the skilled social media users and that's the people we need to save from these people
Specialization is always that um
That if you analyze the politics of science the specializations should make you suspicious
It should because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you know a little bit suspicious
And that's that's uh, that's sort of my starting my starting bias
A little suspicious is an understatement ladies and gentlemen the pandemic was created by writing papers about it
A pandemic was created by doing exercises and planning for it
The pandemic was created by having people spread the illusion of a mass casualty event
They may have used the department of defense to create those mass casualty events
And then the pandemic was sustained by a team known by this stream as the worst case scenario team
That perpetuated this narrative that a billion people could die if we didn't conform with lockdowns
Did not conform with masks. You'll notice that not only did Brett Weinstein the eminent evolutionary biologist
Fumble the ball for a year and a half on masks
But so did kevin mccairn
So did steve kirsch
So did everybody so did so did jordan peterson so did ben shapiro
Because they're all part of the same act the same theater
They can be described as team worst case scenario
They're doing it for the governance of the world
And
They have to keep doing it because they signed a piece of paper. They're part of this
It's a national security operation. They know that they are protected by other people in the same operation
And it was all to get us to surrender our sovereignty so that they could start
Using genetic technologies and testing genetic technologies on the population as a whole
Without need to pass through the fda
This train is leaving the station this year
With this election we are going to be given amount of chaos that will
Get very hard for us to and get people to look backwards anymore to see what happened
If we get past this election and we try to get people to look back to donald trump whatever that was
During the start of the pandemic it won't work
And so we've got a lot of work to do over the next few months
To get people off this train because people still believe that we've defeated disease in the past using vaccination
People still believe that coronavirus is can pandemic
People still believe that PCR positives are rare and asymptomatic spread is real
People still believe that the variants are evidence of spread and a continuing evolution of a single virus
And people still believe that we're spending money on real gain of function research
And it's not it's all just a mythology. It's an elaborate
stage
Actors with people planted in the audience that are brought up on stage that say oh my gosh
I can't believe how gain a function this is
And we have been fooled and we are being
Made to fool our children
Because they want to avoid the medicare costs that are coming
They want to protect the growing skepticism
We want to protect the vaccine schedule in america from the growing skepticism that was there before the pandemic
They want to transition to a digital currency from the dead dollar
But they want to extract all of the real value from the dollar system before they do it
And leave all of the poor innocent good people holding the real dollars when the dollars become useless. That's the plan
They want to transition to genetic vaccines for the entire population and make it a mandatory
They want to confound the toxicity of viruses and
Transfections so that you never figure it out
They want to transition the youth into the submission in full digital control
They want to edify the mythology of pandemic viruses meaning they want to make sure that that
Mythology goes from being a lie to being the truth
They want to disrupt family formation for a whole generation
They want to shorten the lifespan of billions of people especially old people
They want to kill billions of people with a gain of function virus. No
They want to destroy the cultural cultural fabric of america and the rest absolutely
And they want to help create the chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how the world is governed
Absolutely, they do
The way out is biology ladies and gentlemen, you want to advocate for a pause in all childhood vaccinations in america by comparing it to any other
Western nation
You want to advocate for strict liability because that's what we need you want to advocate or investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause
Mass casualty events by following jessica hockett and sharing all of her posts and data
Um, you want to investigate the use of mass casualty events and transfection to create the illusion of the pandemic
So you need to understand clones
You need to understand what prions are and are not and we're going to work on that over the next few days and weeks
Reclaim the sovereignty over your bodies and those of your children and encourage and elect people who are running on a platform where they're
Going to withdraw from the who in the you and entirely i bet you can't find a candidate like that
But we should find them soon. You want to see these medlers. They won't mention the childhood vaccine schedule
You want to see these medlers. They won't say strict liability
They're happy to make fun of me. They're happy to make fun of mark
They're happy to claim victimhood and censorship, but they won't actually say anything useful like
You know the use of deadly protocols to bring about a mass casualty events is a meaningful data point in understanding the pandemic
They won't do it. They won't use the word transfection. They won't talk about clones
They attack people like me instead of teaching ideas and they are unable to summarize across the entire show
Look at Brett after four years. He still can't summarize across the entire show
And still skips the entire slide that is describes everything that actually happened
I got one more video for you and then we are done ladies and gentlemen
Why are they doing this because they've been lying to us and they've been lying to each other
They've been lying to the rich people of the world that we're almost there
We've almost got it. The AI is almost there. The data is almost there. The collection is almost there
Just give us the people and the data and we will make you
immortal
This is a new world order
It's a lie that we are supposed to pass on to our children that we will not if I have anything to say about it
If giga-ohm biological gets funded the way it needs to be funded my family can live off this
I'm going to be teaching for the rest of my life
because
Because they would use machines to control us ladies and gentlemen, that's all this is
AI is not something that we need to be afraid of it's the men
and the women
That you are willing to use machines to control our opinions and our thoughts
to govern us
with lies
These people are the people who we need afraid of hey
I just found a video of Craig Venner where he's totally and completely honest. Are you ready to hear it?
We understand less than 1% of the human genome so trying
to be manipulating that and creating
variants of that I think is
To me, it's unethical to do because we're doing it without knowledge
um
At some point it would be really good to get rid of diseases like case acts and other
Horrible debilitating diseases for young children
Uh, but we don't know enough about the human genome that knocking out genes
Uh, we don't know what other functions they have
Things like crisper are not
Uh
The precise tool that they're made out in the press to be
They have what's called off target effects. They make changes in other genes
We're just so not ready for doing that
What an interestingly frank thing for him to say
Ladies and gentlemen, this is giggle and biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
Please stop all transfections and humans. They are trying to eliminate the controlled group by any means necessary
Um, you can find me at giggle and biological.com where you can also share and support the stream in a number of ways
If you have the means, please do so otherwise if you can
Share this work so that the biology gets out there
Pintramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity. Thank you very much for joining me
Again, you can find me at giggle and biological.com and you can join me at giggle and bio and stream dot giggle
Dot bio if you want to watch the stream without cuts and without censorship and without algorithms
This has been a presentation of the independent bright web and our peer tube is a a first
sort of attempt at building an intellectual or an independent bright web, so please check out
Um, that website stream dot giggle home dot bio. It's a lot of work
That Tim's put in tents put into it. Excuse me, Ted and it's a lot of uh, you know talents and and energy going into it
Um, it's where I want to focus and eventually move to and get off switch in these other places
And we can get that thing working as well as possible
Um, again, this has been giggle and biological a high resistance low noise information breed brought to you by a biologist
My name is Jonathan kui coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Um, and uh, yeah
I'll see you again tomorrow
Don't forget the solar eclipse is on the 8th of april if you have a chance
Please look at it. See it if you can it's going to be one of the longest ones ever and uh
It's very close to my house. So if you really are going to be around and you want to meet, uh, I would like that
So, um, let me know via email or something like that. See you at the eclipse and I got to go play some hoops
some hoops
Yes, sweetheart
First
Rocky
Okay, I'll put that one on right now and then and then I'll do the rest
But you got to get the you got to get the speaker and stuff. I'm going to put rocky on this one and then and then you can
Yeah, the rocky that you like
Here car no rocky to the one you saw yesterday here comes
So
All right, I gotta put some music on the trampoline for my daughter and that means this stream is over
Thank you very much for joining me and I will see you again tomorrow ladies and gentlemen. Bye. Bye